# Insufficient ZZZs

I haven't been able to sleep for weeks. Like, I guess I must be sleeping somewhere in the mix but I don't feel like I wake up so much as I snap back to reality. Like coming back from letting your thoughts wander, only I don't know what I've been thinking about. It's like I was awake the whole night through. I know it doesn't really work but I tried some melatonin, then some Jack Daniels, then I got prescribed these sleeping pills and even they're not working and they make me feel like some kind of zombie. Well, moreso than the insomnia anyway. Truthfully, it's become hard to tell.

I "got up" this morning at 3:45-that was about as long as I could stand laying in bed-and grabbed a Monster from the fridge. I brought it over to the armchair in my living room and sat there nursing it for about an hour. I got up and caught a glimpse of my eyes in the mirror above the mantel. They were truly uncanny: a mix of glazed and bloodshot like I was some kind of undead, hungover creature.

I live alone in a three bedroom house. My dad is a lawyer. Ivy League. My mom is the founder of an incredibly lucrative MLM scheme. My brother Adrian is an accountant who works for my mom. The both of them are in Barcelona right now. My sister Ellie works for a nonprofit that [does something nice for the homeless]. She doesn't talk to us much. I was a boy scout, just like my dad, just like his. Our scout master was a cop named Doug. Doug Folds. I thought he was so cool. Once on a camping trip, a couple of the boys, Peyton and Kyle, brought some cigarettes and were smoking them behind their cabin and I saw them. I went and got Doug Folds and brought him right to the scene of the crime. They both called me "Narc" after that, but Doug Folds said that I did the right thing. I felt really proud. I couldn't understand not following the rules. It was obviously for the good of everyone, right? Wasn't that obvious? Besides, in all of those PSAs, it was super clear that smoking was bad for you. I just couldn't understand why anyone would still do it.
